README.md, before:

# New theoretical Fe II templates for bright quasars
## These new theoretical Fe II templates can be used for fitting UV to NIR (1000-10000 Angstrom) spectra of quasars.

The new Fe II templates are developed using the latest Fe II atomic database of [Smyth et al. (2019)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2019MNRAS.483..654S/abstract/) within the CLOUDY C23.0 ([Chatzikos et al. 2023](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023RMxAA..59..327C/abstract/)) photoionization code with the following set of parameters.

### H-ionizing photons flux: 17 $\leq \log \Phi_{\rm H}\ (\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1}) \leq$ 22, and    
### Gas density: 9 $\leq \log n_{\rm H}\  (\rm cm^{-3}) \leq$ 14
### Step size: 0.25 on log scale. 
### A fixed Hydrogen column density: 10 $^{24}$ cm $^{-2}$   
### Abundance: solar
### SED shape: standard "agn.sed", a continuum similar to  [Mathews & Ferland (1987)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1987ApJ...323..456M/abstract/)
### The Fe II templates are available for the microturbulence velocities 0, 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 km/s.

## The new Fe II templates are available in the directory "Templates_including_only_total_Fe2". 

## Additionally, we provide templates for the outward and inward Fe II emissions in the directory "Templates_including_outward_Fe2". 

Within each directory there are six subdirectories for each microturbulence velocity. 

They are named as follows.  
<img src='folder_syntax.png' alt="directory naming" style="height: 100px; width:150px;"/>

The files within each directory are named as follows:   
<img src='./file_name.png' alt="template naming">

where (a) log value of the H-ionizing photon flux in $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1}$,    
(b) log value of the Hydrogen gas density in $\rm cm^{-3}$, and     
(c) the value of microturbulence in km/s.  

## Each template file in ``Templates_including_only_total_Fe2'' has two columns    
<b>First column:</b> wavelength in Angstrom with 2 Angstrom binning    
<b>Second column:</b> Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)

## Templates in ``Templates_including_outward_Fe2'' has four columns.
<b>First column:</b> wavelength in Angstrom with 1000 logarithmic bins, each ~ 584 km/s wide,  between 1000 and 7000 Angstrom.     
<b>Second column:</b> Total Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)      
<b>Third column:</b> Inward Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)       
<b>Fourth column:</b> Outward Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)       

### The Fe II line intensity includes a covering factor of 20 % and are scaled for our test object RM 102. 

## No Fe II emission was obtained for the following set of parameters (see paper for more details).     

| $\log \Phi_{\rm H}$ | $\log n_{\rm H}$ |
|-------------------|----------------|
|   21.25  | 9.00 |
| 21.50  | 9.00 |
| 21.50  | 9.25 |
| 21.75  | 9.00 |
| 21.75  | 9.25 |
| 21.75  | 9.50 |
| 22.00  | 9.00 |
| 22.00  | 9.25 |
| 22.00  | 9.50 |
| 22.00  | 9.75 |

### Note: These set of parameters are for all the microturbulence velocities except zero. In case of no microturbulence velocity in addition to the upper parameters, Fe II emission was not obtained for $\log \Phi_{\rm H}$= 22 and $\log n_{\rm H}$= 10.

Commit message:

new templates for intermediate sed

README.md, after:

# New theoretical Fe II templates for bright quasars
## These new theoretical Fe II templates can be used for fitting UV to NIR (1000-10000 Angstrom) spectra of quasars.

The new Fe II templates are developed using the latest Fe II atomic database of [Smyth et al. (2019)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2019MNRAS.483..654S/abstract/) within the CLOUDY C23.0 ([Chatzikos et al. 2023](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023RMxAA..59..327C/abstract/)) photoionization code with the following set of parameters.

### H-ionizing photons flux: 17 $\leq \log \Phi_{\rm H}\ (\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1}) \leq$ 22, and    
### Gas density: 9 $\leq \log n_{\rm H}\  (\rm cm^{-3}) \leq$ 14
### Step size: 0.25 on log scale. 
### A fixed Hydrogen column density: 10 $^{24}$ cm $^{-2}$   
### Abundance: solar
### SED shapes: (1) standard "agn.sed", a continuum similar to  [Mathews & Ferland (1987)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1987ApJ...323..456M/abstract/)
### (2) Intermediate SED of Jin et al., 2012 (https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2012MNRAS.425..907J/abstract/)
 
### The Fe II templates are available for the microturbulence velocities 0, 20, 50 and 100 km/s.

## The new Fe II templates are available in the directory "Templates_including_only_total_Fe2". 

## Additionally, we provide templates for the outward and inward Fe II emissions in the directory "Templates_including_outward_Fe2". 

Within each directory there are four subdirectories for each microturbulence velocity. 

They are named as follows.  
<img src='folder_syntax.png' alt="directory naming" style="height: 100px; width:150px;"/>

The files within each directory are named as follows:   
<img src='./file_name.png' alt="template naming">

where (a) log value of the H-ionizing photon flux in $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1}$,    
(b) log value of the Hydrogen gas density in $\rm cm^{-3}$, and     
(c) the value of microturbulence in km/s.  

## Each template file in ``Templates_including_only_total_Fe2'' has two columns    
<b>First column:</b> wavelength in Angstrom with 2 Angstrom binning    
<b>Second column:</b> Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)

## Templates in ``Templates_including_outward_Fe2'' has four columns.
<b>First column:</b> wavelength in Angstrom with 1000 logarithmic bins, each ~ 584 km/s wide,  between 1000 and 7000 Angstrom.     
<b>Second column:</b> Total Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)      
<b>Third column:</b> Inward Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)       
<b>Fourth column:</b> Outward Fe II line intensity (in erg $\rm cm^{-2} s^{-1} A^{-1}$)       

### The Fe II line intensity includes a covering factor of 20 % and are scaled for our test object RM 102. 

## No Fe II emission was obtained for the following set of parameters (see paper for more details).     

| $\log \Phi_{\rm H}$ | $\log n_{\rm H}$ |
|-------------------|----------------|
|   21.25  | 9.00 |
| 21.50  | 9.00 |
| 21.50  | 9.25 |
| 21.75  | 9.00 |
| 21.75  | 9.25 |
| 21.75  | 9.50 |
| 22.00  | 9.00 |
| 22.00  | 9.25 |
| 22.00  | 9.50 |
| 22.00  | 9.75 |

### Note: These set of parameters are for all the microturbulence velocities except zero. In case of no microturbulence velocity in addition to the upper parameters, Fe II emission was not obtained for $\log \Phi_{\rm H}$= 22 and $\log n_{\rm H}$= 10.
